So what Jarrod is looking for is a way to improve their system for reading quarry ticket information. 

They sell stone to construction companies and so truck drivers will take loads of stone then draft up a ticket that details the amount stone they took. There's two tickets made, one copy that the driver takes, and one copy that Jarrod's office takes. 

They use these tickets to draft up invoices to send to the construction company. The issue is that this system is 95% paper, so if they lose the slip, they lose money (can't charge for the stone). Furthermore, because it's all done by hand, there's a lot of manpower involved in drafting these invoices, as someone needs to manually go through every ticket. Jarrod tells me they can get well over 1000 tickets each month. 

Jarrod wants a web app that the truck drivers and office workers can log into and submit their respective ticket copies into. The web app will use an OCR (like Google Vision for example) to read the ticket information and automatically fill out a database of the ticket's info. 

the idea is that when the office uploads their copy of a ticket, the information is automatically filled out and compared to the equivalent trucker's ticket to ensure all information matches. If all information matches, the app will draft up an invoice that can be downloaded. If there is any mismatch in info, the respective submission is flagged for manual review.

This achieves a few things: ideally, many tickets will be automatically processed, and tickets will also be automatically saved to a cloud storage solution (no more handling paper copies). 

I've already got some ideas of what the tech stack may look like, as well as a flow chart detailing how I think the process may look.

In terms of difficulty, it's hard for me to say as I haven't really done much web development specifically, but I imagine AI might make things a lot easier these days (it's made my initial planning pretty straightforward for this project). I've used AI tons to help create software solutions that I had no right knowing how to do. Also as a dev, you're not really expected to know exactly what to do from the get go. Part of the job is learning/researching


So this is some of the notes I took. You don't have to go with this tech stack or anything. This is just stuff I found looking around online.

Tech stack
Cloudflare pages (for front-end deployment)
Using React/Vite

Supabase (Authentication, Postgres DB, and small amt of image storage)

Probably need a more dedicated cloud storage solution for large, long-term image storage like CloudFlare R2

Claude Vision (OCR)/Google Vision (google vision seems to be more ideal here)

---

Some questions I asked:
Are you ok with cloud-based solutions? This doesn't need to be local? Cloud is fine

On average, how many tickets would you need to process per day/month? 1000+/month (So probably a running cost here)

Are you ok with running costs? Yes

Is there a deadline? No

Do you have your own storage solution for images? No solution right now

Do you have your own DB for ticket information? No database

Is there multiple locations that would be doing this? I don't think so

Are the weights on tickets always going to be whole numbers? Yes

Are you expecting to bulk upload ticket images to be read all in a batch? Bulk would be ideal

workflow right now is all on paper
MVP should have OCR in it

---

Running costs:

This is for the OCR:
https://cloud.google.com/vision/pricing
Key takeaways:
First 1000 uses free
Text document detection: $1.50/1000 images

This is for user authentication and database management
https://supabase.com/pricing
Key takeaways:
Free tier should be enough for a while.
Free tier does "suspend" after a week of inactivity
All this should mean is that if the app isn't really used for a week straight, the first use might be a bit slow
if that becomes a problem, just upgrade to the $25/month tier


This is for storing images and invoices:
https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/pricing/
Key takeaways:
$0.015/GB/month
No egress (fees for pulling data out of storage)

This is for hosting the website that the truckers/office interacts with
https://pages.cloudflare.com/
Key takeaways:
Free plan should be enough


Hypothetical: 5k images processed/month
5*1.50 = $7.50 in OCR fees
$25 supabase database management
1tb of images currently stored: $15
website at this scale is free

~$50 USD/month in running costs

The biggest threat of scaling up would be the OCR or Storage. Both are "pay as you go" systems.

You will need a company account for the following:
Cloudflare: For pages website hosting and R2 storage
Supabase: For database and account management
Google Cloud: For Google Vision OCR usage
Github: For source code repository/management



What Jarrod needs first is an email that details all of the costs. So that includes running costs to keep the service going (so like the cloudflare/database fees and stuff) as well as a quote for the work done. 

He wants the quote for the whole thing so what you'll need to do is guestimate the time it'll take and decide on a figure from there.
For perspective, I was going to do it for $40/hr. I never got as far as figuring out how long it would take but he would want, for example, to know that it'd take 100 hours = $4000
Jarrod's number (idk if you have it already): 1-902-870-5096
Email: Jthorne@nova-construction.ca
I should also mention that this isn't official yet. He needs that email of costs so he can present the case to the owner. So don't go too deep into making anything until you get the OK